Have a good rest.
good boy
Mr. Wei
This project with the Lawrence family
It's going very well.
I had contact with your mother before
People who have been opposing
Changed attitude now
Meet people and serve dishes
worship high and mine low
It's human nature.
Mr. Lu
Now you own the 10% equity blessing of your wife
You can say
You finally have the highest voice in the group
But the shares are in the hands of the wife
If divorced
The sorry word is that I can't sleep, remember.
I will not divorce Gangnam
Anytime
Grandpa is too biased
He actually left shares for that mute
And myopia caught us by surprise.
Who is his biological granddaughter?
The little wolf cub thinks he has grown up
I can't help showing my fangs
That's kind of bloody
Mom, if that project is really made in the pool
He's further out of our control
Don't worry, he won't become a saint.
Hmph, it's a mess outside
You would enjoy it
Don't gesticulate in front of me
Hurry up and sign
Ok I will fulfill you
You can't remember anything I say anyway
Only believe what others say
hadron
Why is this divorce agreement with you?
Why are you asking so much?
Sign quickly
I can't sign now
You dead mute
My son signed it.
You still don't want to sign
What do you mean?
Will you sign or not?
If you don't sign, don't blame me for being rude to you.
I can get a divorce.
But divorce is a matter of two people
I can't sign without knowing it.
Don't you sign?
Ok ma
Let me sign the certificate